I don't know what to say.
I'm not sure.
But I'm sure you know.
Even if you have a friend or a friend,
you can't have a big family.
You can't live in a big village.
You can't live in a village?
That's called Oogira.
What?
Oogira?
You can't live there alone.
It's not right to live alone in Oogira.
It's the same as that.
It's the same as the day of the storm.
I have nothing to say,
a huge mess.
The bird died with it in the taughten.
What about you, Think Markus?
Beseal!
I know you, Evan.
How's that?
What about awesome?
How's that, exactly?
A remove-a- acres alive!
A removing-a- acres alive?
Not a problem.
A loving rotten 제 pills!
Nice old leftovers!
I don't like a farm with one for nearly a century!
and even Consep's
How could it possibly be?
Poor Miss Sameth Hunt
I did. I had ¥50.
500,000 was almostQué
was in, and that was left,
But the house is full of money.
The house is full of things that make the parents feel comfortable.
You can't see it from here.
People are laughing at you.
Well, that man doesn't like to be cheated on.
He doesn't like to be cheated on.
That's the problem.
The customer doesn't eat much.
What about you?
Hey, customer.
What's so fast?
I'm going to the market.
Hurry up.
Don't eat anything.
Don't be shy.
I'm not shy.
I don't like you.
I'm not going to give you a job.
I'm going to beat you.
You're wearing a hat.
Come on.
I'm going to beat you.
What's wrong with you?
You're a man.
Come on.
What are you doing?
Why are you doing this?
I'm going to beat you.